For the sake of the ingot being my son
I don't care about you
But today I have the final say
Mr. Jin
You piss me off
You may not be able to offend this one.
hum dialect
All summer
Only one person dares to disobey me
What's up with this stinky boy?
I don't believe it.
Descendants of General Murong
Will be suppressed by a brat
Hey
Do you even know who I am?
I am above all others
You move me, it's like angering the whole hero
I'm sure you're not going to walk out this door standing up.
hum
Then how do you know?
I'm not under the one you said
Please put on your ring
Ah, that's what I don't believe
Can I swallow the truth?
Qingyun dragon group is above
Please accept the worship of Shangjing Jinjia